Make it clear that we don't delete users (#2566)
Mailu/Mailu: docs/faq.rst

In this section we are trying to cover the most common problems our users are having.
If your issue is not listed here, please consult issues with the `troubleshooting tag`_.

.. _delete_users:

How to delete users?
````````````````````

From the web administration interface, when a user is deleted, the user is only disabled. When a user is not enabled, this user:

* cannot send/receive email
* cannot access Mailu (admin/webmail)
* cannot access the email box via pop3/imap

> It is not possible to delete users via the Mailu web administration interface. The main reason is to prevent email address reusage. If a user was deleted, it can be recreated and used by someone else. It is not clear that the email address has been used by someone else previously. This new user might receive emails which were meant to be received by the previous user. Disabling the user, prevents the email address to be reused by mistake.

Author: ```suggestion
It is not possible to delete users via the Mailu web administration interface. The main reason is to prevent email address reuse. If a user was deleted, it can be recreated and used by someone else. It is not clear that the email address has been used by someone else previously. This new user might receive emails which were meant for the previous user. Disabling the user, prevents the email address to be reused by mistake.
```
